# NAME

propellor - property-based host configuration management in haskell

# SYNOPSIS

propellor [options]

# DESCRIPTION

`propellor` is a property-based host configuration management program written 
and configured in haskell.

The first time you run `propellor`, without any options,
it will set up a `~/.propellor/` repository.
Edit `~/.propellor/config.hs` to configure it.

Once propellor is configured, running it without any options will take
action as needed to satisfy the configured properties of the local host.

# OPTIONS

* --spin hostname

  Causes propellor to automatically install itself on the specified host,
  or if it's already installed there, push any updates. Propellor is then
  run on the host, to satisfy its configured properties.

* --add-key keyid

  Adds a gpg key, which is used to encrypt the privdata.

  If the gpg secret key is present, git is configured to sign commits
  using this key. Propellor requires signed commits when pulling from
  a central git repository.

* --list-fields

  Lists all privdata fields that are used by your propellor configuration.
  The first 2 columns are the field name and context, and are followed by
  a list of the hosts that use that privdata value.

* --set field context

  Sets a field of privdata. The content is read in from stdin.

* --dump field context

  Outputs the privdata value to stdout.

* --edit field context

  Opens $EDITOR on the privdata value.

# ENVIRONMENT

Set `PROPELLOR_DEBUG=1` to make propellor output each command it runs and
other debugging information.

# SH AUTHOR 

Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>

<https://propellor.branchable.com/>

Warning: Automatically converted into a man page by mdwn2man. Edit with care.

