propellor 2.8.0 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Added Propellor.Property.Rsync.
   * Convert Info to use Data.Dynamic, so properties can export and consume
     info of any type that is Typeable and a Monoid, including data types
     private to a module. (API change)
     Thanks to Joachim Breitner for the idea.
   * Improve propellor wrapper to better handle installation cloning
     the public propellor repo, by setting that repo to be upstream,
     so propellor doesnt try to push to a read-only repo.
   * Added DebianMirror module, contributed by Félix Sipma.
   * Some hlint cleanups.
     Thanks, Mario Lang
   * Added Propellor.Property.Unbound for the caching DNS server.
     Thanks, Félix Sipma.
   * Added PTR to Dns.Record. While this is ignored by
     Propellor.Property.Dns for now, since reverse DNS setup is not
     implemented there yet, it can be used in other places, eg Unbound.
     Thanks, Félix Sipma.
   * PrivData converted to newtype (API change).
   * Stopped stripping trailing newlines when setting PrivData;
     this was previously done to avoid mistakes when pasting eg passwords
     with an unwanted newline. Instead, PrivData consumers should use either
     privDataLines or privDataVal, to extract respectively lines or a
     value (without internal newlines) from PrivData.
   * Allow storing arbitrary ByteStrings in PrivData, extracted using
     privDataByteString.
   * Added Aiccu module, contributed by Jelmer Vernooĳ.
   * Added --rm-key."""]]