propellor 1.1.0 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * --spin target --via relay causes propellor to bounce through an
     intermediate relay host, which handles any necessary uploads
     when provisioning the target host.
   * --spin can be passed multiple hosts, and it will provision each host
     in turn.
   * Add --merge, to combine multiple --spin commits into a single, more useful
     commit.
   * Hostname parameters not containing dots are looked up in the DNS to
     find the full hostname.
   * propellor --spin can now deploy propellor to hosts that do not have
     git, ghc, or apt-get. This is accomplished by uploading a fairly
     portable precompiled tarball of propellor.
   * Propellor.Property.OS contains properties that can be used to do a clean
     reinstall of the OS of an existing host. This can be used, for example,
     to do an in-place conversion from Fedora to Debian.
     This is experimental; use with caution!
   * Added group-related properties. Thanks, Félix Sipma.
   * Added Git.barerepo. Thanks, Félix Sipma.
   * Added Grub.installed and Grub.boots properties.
   * New HostContext can be specified when a PrivData value varies per host.
   * hasSomePassword and hasPassword now default to using HostContext.
     To specify a different context, use hasSomePassword' and
     hasPassword' (API change)
   * hasSomePassword and hasPassword now make sure shadow passwords are enabled.
   * cron.runPropellor now runs propellor, rather than using its Makefile.
     This is more robust.
   * propellor.debug can be set in the git config to enable more persistent
     debugging output.
   * Run apt-cache policy with LANG=C so it works on other locales.
   * endAction can be used to register an action to run once propellor
     has successfully run on a host."""]]