propellor 4.0.0 released with [[!toggle text="these changes"]]
[[!toggleable text="""
   * Added Monoid instances for Property and RevertableProperty.
   * Removed applyToList. Instead, use mconcat. (API change)
     If you had:  applyToList accountFor [User "joey", User "root"]
     use instead: mconcat (map accountFor [User "joey", User "root"])
   * Makefile: Removed "run" target which was default target.
     "make" now only builds propellor, does not run it.
     Note that propellor 1.0.0 and earlier relied on this target for
     the Cron.runPropellor property's cronjob to work, so upgrading
     directly from 1.0.0 to 4.0.0 would break that cron job.
   * Remove make from propellor's dependency list; it's not used by
     propellor any longer.
   * Implemented hostChroot, as originally seen in my slides at
     Linux.Conf.Au 2017 in January. Now that it's not vaporware, it allows
     one Host to build a disk image that has all the properties of another
     Host.
   * DiskImage building properties used to propagate DNS info out from
     the chroot used to build the disk image to the Host. That is no longer
     done, since that chroot only exists as a side effect of the disk image
     creation and servers will not be running in it.
   * The IsInfo types class's propagateInfo function changed to use a
     PropagateInfo data type. (API change)
   * The action used to satisfy a property changed to Maybe (Propellor Result).
     When it is Nothing, propellor knows it can skip displaying the
     description of that property. This is mostly useful in the
     implementation of mempty. (API change)
   * The doNothing property is now simply mempty. The name was retained
     because it can be clearer than mempty in some contexts.
   * Added Apache.confEnabled."""]]